0:00
(Daniel Wait) McKay and I's teacher said (Daniel Wait) to record every meeting and like don't take
0:08
(Tayt Godwin) Cool. Really? The Oh, the - (Daniel Wait) notes. Yeah, he said that (Daniel Wait) after Yeah, he said that after he had recorded our entire
0:16
(Daniel Wait) conversation, like our entire class on his phone and he's like, "Here, I'm going to throw it up to (Daniel Wait) AI and make it make a next step." Wait, were you there with
0:24
(Tayt Godwin) AI. Oh. - (Daniel Wait) May? Were you Were you there that day (Mckay Kimball) Huh? Was that last week or - (Daniel Wait) or were you gone?
0:32
(Mckay Kimball) was that earlier? Yeah, I - (Daniel Wait) Uh yeah, it well it was whenever it was whenever we were (Mckay Kimball) was Oh, yeah. No, I was there. - (Daniel Wait) doing the meme the memes. He was like doing the meme
0:40
(Daniel Wait) generator. Okay. Yep. All (Daniel Wait) right, guys. So, this is what I propose we chat
0:48
(Daniel Wait) about. Let me know if you think otherwise. (Daniel Wait) Finalize plan. Then we figure out how we're going to do user research and mark market research
0:56
(Mckay Kimball) Yeah. - (Tayt Godwin) I love - (Daniel Wait) in preparation for the hackathon. (Tayt Godwin) it. Okay. Um
1:04
(Tayt Godwin) I don't Is this like are we presenting other ideas or are we pretty (Tayt Godwin) set on the
1:12
(Tayt Godwin) one - (Daniel Wait) We can present a couple more related ideas and then but we'll we'll (Tayt Godwin) Okay, that sounds - (Daniel Wait) pick one at the end of this meeting for sure to
1:20
(Daniel Wait) do. What what were the ones you had in (Tayt Godwin) great. So, - (Daniel Wait) mind?
1:28
(Tayt Godwin) uh I don't know if you guys run into this problem. (Tayt Godwin) Maybe it's just a me thing, but
1:36
(Tayt Godwin) um I'll like make my budget and then I'll go to the (Tayt Godwin) store and I'll just like buy my stuff and then I'll forget about
1:44
(Tayt Godwin) it. Uh like the budget unless I (Tayt Godwin) purposely remember like, okay, I I can only spend like
1:52
(Tayt Godwin) $50 at the store right now or or whatever. And so I (Tayt Godwin) was thinking that we could make an app
2:00
(Tayt Godwin) that like when you buy something, it'll ping (Tayt Godwin) your your phone and you'll have to say like, "Okay, move this
2:08
(Tayt Godwin) into (Tayt Godwin) my grocery budget bucket or
2:16
(Tayt Godwin) like move this into my whatever other bucket (Tayt Godwin) you have." And that way it like helps
2:24
(Tayt Godwin) people remember their budgets. But I don't know if other people have that (Daniel Wait) I have that issue and that's why I have
2:32
(Tayt Godwin) issue. - (Daniel Wait) wab which does it (Tayt Godwin) Why? Oh, it does. What does it - (Daniel Wait) wab y nab m the problem is the
2:40
(Daniel Wait) the transactions come in like a day or two late because they have to be (Daniel Wait) posted to your credit card and then it like will pull it but you know like it takes
2:48
(Tayt Godwin) do? Yeah. Yeah. - (Daniel Wait) a while to sometimes post to your credit (Daniel Wait) card. Um but there's a bunch of other problems related to it. What
2:56
(Daniel Wait) I I was talking with some friends about what they do because I've tried to get them on this app and (Tayt Godwin) Yeah. - (Daniel Wait) they haven't um just from budgeting. I love I
3:04
(Daniel Wait) love budgeting and they're like it's painful to use like I don't want to have (Tayt Godwin) Mhm. - (Daniel Wait) to sort things manually and stuff like that.
3:12
(Tayt Godwin) Mhm. - (Daniel Wait) And so I was thinking what is a lot of people's expenses? One of which (Daniel Wait) is you know you like rent and
3:20
(Daniel Wait) um yeah textbooks, tuition, one of them is (Daniel Wait) food. And so my my idea was it
3:28
(Daniel Wait) goes it it sees the transactions you know delayed for (Daniel Wait) like p about a month and then it texts you it says oh I've seen you gone
3:36
(Daniel Wait) out to Taco Bell five times the past month. Here (Daniel Wait) is a simple recipe to make Taco Bell at home. Click the
3:44
(Daniel Wait) button to add it to your Walmart (Daniel Wait) order. And theoretically, it would be like super
3:52
(Daniel Wait) frictionless and (Daniel Wait) um like be able to solve the problem of like you go to Taco
4:00
(Daniel Wait) Bell because you need food quick. You don't want to have to make this elaborate meal (Daniel Wait) or whatever, Cafe Rio or whatever. That was the
4:08
(Daniel Wait) angle I was thinking. We (Mckay Kimball) They still have to go to the store though to get like the ingredients though, - (Tayt Godwin) Okay.
4:24
(Mckay Kimball) right? Like I'm just like the moment in the - (Daniel Wait) can have to still go to the the (Mckay Kimball) moment it would be like it's it's not really solving
4:32
(Mckay Kimball) the problem in the moment, right? It would be more like a a realization like - (Daniel Wait) store. (Mckay Kimball) they come to the realization, okay, I'm going to Taco Bell a lot. What's an alternative? And then at some
4:40
(Mckay Kimball) point go to the store, get the ingredients, and then come back and make it. - (Daniel Wait) Yeah, the (Daniel Wait) app would notice that in the past month you've done it. So, it's like, hey, to prepare for
4:48
(Mckay Kimball) Right. - (Daniel Wait) next week, this is what you can (Tayt Godwin) I feel - (Daniel Wait) do. And then either shipping or mobile
4:56
(Mckay Kimball) Gotcha. - (Tayt Godwin) like um like that idea, but I feel like - (Daniel Wait) order. (Tayt Godwin) when I go out to eat, it's not because I I can't
5:04
(Tayt Godwin) make it at home. It's because like I don't want to have to (Tayt Godwin) spend the time to make it or like I'm already out.
5:12
(Tayt Godwin) I I might as well just get (Tayt Godwin) something. But I don't know. - (Daniel Wait) Yeah. Yeah. I
5:20
(Tayt Godwin) Maybe I don't eat out a lot, so maybe that's not a a - (Daniel Wait) I (Tayt Godwin) widespread - (Daniel Wait) I've was specifically talking to three of my friends that do
5:28
(Daniel Wait) eat out a lot. They're like, "Oh, let's go get some food. I don't have anything at home." And (Tayt Godwin) opinion. - (Daniel Wait) I was like, "Oh, that maybe they'd pay for this." And they're like, "Yeah,
5:36
(Daniel Wait) I would do it if it like I I didn't have to find the stuff (Daniel Wait) on Walmart or even if it planned out my entire meals next week
5:44
(Daniel Wait) and just added everything it needed to to the Walmart order." It's like they don't (Daniel Wait) like going through it and having to shop and all that
5:52
(Daniel Wait) stuff. We don't have to do this idea. I was just throwing it out (Tayt Godwin) No, I think if there's like a a market for it, then it
6:00
(Tayt Godwin) could be a good idea. What do you - (Daniel Wait) there. I know at least three friends would pay for it. That's (Mckay Kimball) So, so - (Daniel Wait) it. And what are you
6:08
(Mckay Kimball) what you're saying is like this is how I picture in my mind based - (Daniel Wait) looping? (Mckay Kimball) on kind of the pain points that you mentioned and also my own pain points. - (Tayt Godwin) think? - (Daniel Wait) Mhm.
6:16
(Mckay Kimball) I'm picturing something that's like and maybe (Mckay Kimball) this kind of combines um
6:24
(Mckay Kimball) yeah I mean this kind of this is combining the budget idea too (Mckay Kimball) almost but essentially
6:32
(Mckay Kimball) um there could be some sort of app some sort of website you could go (Mckay Kimball) into and say you want to prep for this many
6:40
(Mckay Kimball) meals you have about approximately this amount of time in (Mckay Kimball) these days and then you We have approximately this amount of
6:48
(Mckay Kimball) budget based and it also will take your location (Mckay Kimball) information and identify the grocery stores nearby. And
6:56
(Mckay Kimball) then after you input that information, it would bring up a list of (Mckay Kimball) like meals and then the ingredients and what stores you could get them at
7:04
(Mckay Kimball) and their prices. That's kind of something I think (Mckay Kimball) would be super cool if I could go into something and say, "Hey, this is
7:12
(Mckay Kimball) my budget. this is how much time I I would have to make these (Mckay Kimball) meals because I struggle with like okay what can I make that's
7:20
(Mckay Kimball) quick I don't know that sort of thing I don't that's kind of different than what you were talking (Mckay Kimball) about I think but I don't - (Tayt Godwin) I really like that
7:28
(Tayt Godwin) idea. I think that's cool. - (Daniel Wait) Yeah, it's it's different, but it it gets at the same pain (Mckay Kimball) know - (Tayt Godwin) Well, I think I think - (Daniel Wait) point, which is
7:36
(Tayt Godwin) we could incorporate the time thing, but thinking about (Tayt Godwin) like - (Daniel Wait) good.
7:44
(Tayt Godwin) uh maybe we could also track (Tayt Godwin) like maybe this is a down the road thing,
7:52
(Tayt Godwin) but recipes (Mckay Kimball) Yeah. Yeah, I - (Tayt Godwin) and uh
8:00
(Mckay Kimball) agree. - (Tayt Godwin) cuz my my wife only she can't eat gluten or dairy and so it's really (Tayt Godwin) hard to find stuff and
8:08
(Tayt Godwin) recipes and so I think that could as more like there's a ton of people who now (Tayt Godwin) don't eat gluten and I think that could be a a - (Daniel Wait) Thank
8:16
(Tayt Godwin) good uh market for that (Tayt Godwin) too. Anyways, I I like
8:24
(Tayt Godwin) that idea. - (Daniel Wait) you. (Daniel Wait) Yeah. Hey, let's do it. Let's solve McKay's Tate
8:36
(Mckay Kimball) Yeah. Heat. (Tayt Godwin) So, I know Daniel, I know you mentioned
8:44
(Tayt Godwin) the the like reminder (Tayt Godwin) thing. Are we
8:52
(Tayt Godwin) scrapping that idea for now? like the - (Daniel Wait) Kner thing (Tayt Godwin) kid investment - (Daniel Wait) again.
9:00
(Daniel Wait) Oh, the uh super close to what we're doing in 590 for a (Mckay Kimball) Was it was it essentially the same idea, - (Tayt Godwin) thing. Oh,
9:08
(Daniel Wait) project. So, I was iterating with it and I could not get it (Daniel Wait) to work. So, then I just like this was for 590 and I was just trying
9:16
(Daniel Wait) because Dylan had sent a good idea, but I had not been able to get a good (Tayt Godwin) really? - (Daniel Wait) idea from Chad at all that would work. And then I'm like, just come
9:24
(Daniel Wait) up with 10 different pitches and put them in a dock. And (Daniel Wait) that's where that came from.
9:32
(Mckay Kimball) Daniel. - (Daniel Wait) So, I don't know. I was excited (Mckay Kimball) Yeah. - (Daniel Wait) in the moment, but I'm not as excited. I'm more excited about
9:40
(Tayt Godwin) Okay, cool. - (Daniel Wait) this app (Tayt Godwin) Um, yeah, maybe we can ideulate - (Daniel Wait) now.
9:48
(Tayt Godwin) with an app (Tayt Godwin) to or an AI to create some
9:56
(Mckay Kimball) Yeah, I guess would would the next steps be kind of - (Tayt Godwin) questions. (Mckay Kimball) validation going through and seeing what's currently in the
10:04
(Mckay Kimball) market and And also - (Daniel Wait) Yeah, I (Mckay Kimball) like customer surveys, that sort of - (Daniel Wait) think yeah, I can
10:12
(Daniel Wait) I can think of like or we can all work on good questions that would get at the (Daniel Wait) root to the problem and not like features that they'd
10:20
(Daniel Wait) want. like how often do you experience not (Daniel Wait) having food when at home whenever you wish you did to save money or
10:28
(Tayt Godwin) Yeah. - (Daniel Wait) whatever you know things like that instead of would you (Mckay Kimball) thing. Yeah. - (Daniel Wait) use an app that did blank um
10:36
(Daniel Wait) I think if we do that and then I think if we (Daniel Wait) follow like Casey's idea on market research and just looking around at
10:44
(Mckay Kimball) Yeah, that's kind of what I was - (Daniel Wait) things like (Daniel Wait) that we can talk to or I can talk to about what that
10:52
(Daniel Wait) means. Essentially, you just make a bunch of agents that do all (Mckay Kimball) thinking. - (Tayt Godwin) Cool. What do you use to make your - (Daniel Wait) the research for
11:00
(Mckay Kimball) Yeah. - (Daniel Wait) you. Um, all you have to (Daniel Wait) do is like ask Claude to use an agent to do blank and
11:08
(Tayt Godwin) agents? - (Daniel Wait) then it just like spins up another session inside of (Tayt Godwin) Really? That's
11:16
(Tayt Godwin) cool. That's cool. And you just have like the - (Daniel Wait) itself. (Mckay Kimball) Ouch. - (Tayt Godwin) the basic pay to plan of
11:24
(Daniel Wait) an an agent in this sense is (Daniel Wait) literally just like open a new um chat
11:32
(Tayt Godwin) cloud. Oh, I see. - (Daniel Wait) window with no context and tell it what to do. (Tayt Godwin) Okay,
11:40
(Tayt Godwin) cool. - (Daniel Wait) Oh, (Daniel Wait) so I'll I'll throw this recording transcript in chat to get it like
11:48
(Daniel Wait) a one pager and then we can work off that (Daniel Wait) idea. You can edit it or whatever. I'll put it in a doc and
11:56
(Daniel Wait) then um I'll clear the the repo I (Daniel Wait) made. Did were you guys able to see that at all? See, I shared a GitHub repo with
12:04
(Tayt Godwin) I I tried to join it but it said I did not have - (Daniel Wait) you. (Daniel Wait) Okay, I'll chat with
12:12
(Daniel Wait) you about that and then yeah, we can kind (Mckay Kimball) Yes. - (Tayt Godwin) access. - (Daniel Wait) of do our own research.
12:20
(Daniel Wait) Um, she signed up. Yeah, McKay and I have a project due (Daniel Wait) tomorrow night, so we'll probably
12:28
(Mckay Kimball) Yeah, we'll - (Daniel Wait) just work on the (Mckay Kimball) probably - (Tayt Godwin) Okay. Well, what do you want me to do tonight? I I don't have a project - (Daniel Wait) Yes.
12:36
(Daniel Wait) Um, yeah, we can start with the user (Daniel Wait) research and marker. I can I can call you and and walk you through some of the
12:44
(Mckay Kimball) do. We we could also just share with - (Tayt Godwin) due. - (Daniel Wait) smaller items or (Mckay Kimball) him like the YouTube video that or - (Daniel Wait) like Oh, yeah. That's actually
12:52
(Mckay Kimball) just the website in general and kind of show (Mckay Kimball) them where it talks about - (Daniel Wait) genius. Yeah. Let
13:00
(Daniel Wait) me let me just do that right (Mckay Kimball) what um it's 590R one of the - (Tayt Godwin) What class is this
13:08
(Mckay Kimball) 590 courses. It's yeah applied AI - (Tayt Godwin) from? Oh, is it the AI one? - (Daniel Wait) now. (Mckay Kimball) projects. Yeah, it's a good - (Tayt Godwin) Dang, I I should have taken that
13:16
(Mckay Kimball) one. Um, - (Tayt Godwin) class. I just wish it was a at a more convenient - (Daniel Wait) Yeah. (Mckay Kimball) remind me I'm spacing. Is it Thursday starting at six or - (Tayt Godwin) time.
13:24
(Mckay Kimball) seven and going to Friday or is it Friday going to - (Tayt Godwin) Friday (Mckay Kimball) Saturday? Okay, that's what I thought. That is a - (Daniel Wait) Friday going to
13:32
(Mckay Kimball) blessing, not going to - (Tayt Godwin) to what's our our plan for that? Are (Mckay Kimball) lie. - (Tayt Godwin) we like are we going - (Daniel Wait) Saturday.
13:40
(Tayt Godwin) to get together and just like code all (Tayt Godwin) day or are we doing it separate? I'm I'm
13:48
(Tayt Godwin) fine getting together. I've that worked during in text for me. But (Tayt Godwin) if you guys don't want to do that, that's fine,
13:56
(Daniel Wait) Oops. I mean, I I have that whole 24-hour block (Mckay Kimball) Yeah, - (Daniel Wait) open. I'm no longer traveling,
14:04
(Mckay Kimball) I'm I'm mostly available. I have - (Daniel Wait) so (Mckay Kimball) like a 7v7 football game on Friday night that I want
14:12
(Mckay Kimball) to go to for sure. But other than that, I'm pretty I'm pretty - (Tayt Godwin) too. (Tayt Godwin) Yeah, sounds good. - (Daniel Wait) Yeah, there's also there's also a BYU basketball game
14:20
(Mckay Kimball) open. I also will be watching that. Those are - (Daniel Wait) I'll be watching towards the end of Saturday. So, (Mckay Kimball) those are my things. Other than that, I'm - (Daniel Wait) oh, we can just
14:28
(Tayt Godwin) Okay. - (Daniel Wait) Yeah, I'm I'm even not skiing on on Saturday just (Mckay Kimball) open. That's that's a labor of love right there. - (Tayt Godwin) That's crazy, Daniel.
14:36
(Tayt Godwin) I can't believe - (Daniel Wait) for um I (Daniel Wait) know. Yeah. So, here's the here's the meme
14:44
(Tayt Godwin) it. - (Daniel Wait) generator project setup. He kind of walks through the whole he's like making a (Daniel Wait) meme generator, but he walks you through the whole all his prompts and what
14:52
(Mckay Kimball) You - (Daniel Wait) to do and stuff from scratch. And then (Mckay Kimball) could even just Yeah, - (Daniel Wait) over here is the slides he uses in class. This is the
15:00
(Mckay Kimball) you could even just throw that video into AI and be like, (Mckay Kimball) "Hey, summarize this for And then you could you could just ask
15:08
(Mckay Kimball) for specific details on like market research and stuff like - (Daniel Wait) video. Yeah, you (Mckay Kimball) that. But it's - (Tayt Godwin) Yeah. Okay. - (Daniel Wait) can see this transcript.
15:16
(Mckay Kimball) it's definitely good stuff. It would be I think it would be worth it to to at least take a (Tayt Godwin) Cool. Yeah. - (Daniel Wait) This is the the software engineer from Adobe I was
15:24
(Tayt Godwin) Cool. (Mckay Kimball) look. - (Tayt Godwin) Cool. - (Daniel Wait) saying. Okay. At least by tonight
15:32
(Daniel Wait) I'll throw in (Daniel Wait) some user research. Oh, and we'll be wanting to do
15:40
(Daniel Wait) this Tate is make a folder (Daniel Wait) or I'll make a folder real quick in the repo. I'll clean it. Make a folder
15:48
(Daniel Wait) and it your folder that you're going to work in is called Tate and (Daniel Wait) then you can do everything in that folder and I'll make a
15:56
(Daniel Wait) folder named Daniel and I'll do everything in that folder so that we don't clash with each (Tayt Godwin) Oh, in the repository. Okay. - (Daniel Wait) other. Yeah, because a lot of this
16:04
(Daniel Wait) is just uh research like you we're not making any code by the end of (Mckay Kimball) Yeah. So, just just so we don't have to do branching quite
16:12
(Daniel Wait) this. (Tayt Godwin) Yeah. - (Daniel Wait) Yeah. And then yeah, I'll by the end of tonight we should have
16:20
(Daniel Wait) a um a survey to send (Mckay Kimball) yet. - (Tayt Godwin) Do you want me to make - (Daniel Wait) out.
16:28
(Daniel Wait) Uh sure. The main thing is we need to come up with like good (Daniel Wait) questions and then you can throw the questions into the Google forms
16:36
(Tayt Godwin) that? - (Daniel Wait) and Gemini makes the survey for (Tayt Godwin) Okay, sounds - (Daniel Wait) you. So when you think of like good
16:44
(Tayt Godwin) good. - (Daniel Wait) questions. So I'll just make a doc real quick and share with you guys and then yeah add (Mckay Kimball) Yeah, that's - (Daniel Wait) whatever questions you
16:52
(Daniel Wait) want. Hey, anything (Daniel Wait) else? Oh, we can you can
17:00
(Mckay Kimball) great. - (Daniel Wait) throw any uh tasks tasks to do in (Mckay Kimball) Oh yeah, - (Tayt Godwin) Okay. There you - (Daniel Wait) the group sync
17:12
(Tayt Godwin) go. Okay, cool. Yeah, I think I'm all - (Daniel Wait) project. Anyway, hey, let me know if you (Tayt Godwin) good. Okay. Oh, actually, - (Daniel Wait) have any questions. Hey, just call me and I'll walk you
17:20
(Tayt Godwin) will you stay on and help me with this uh repository (Mckay Kimball) true. See you - (Daniel Wait) through. Oh,
17:28
(Mckay Kimball) guys. - (Tayt Godwin) thing? See you. So, - (Daniel Wait) yes. Okay. Bye. Here, I'll (Tayt Godwin) when - (Daniel Wait) just go ahead and share my screen. Oh, you go for
17:36
(Tayt Godwin) I Oh, um (Tayt Godwin) Well, one you sent it to my other account. It might be better to send it to
17:44
(Tayt Godwin) my um my actual like my - (Daniel Wait) it. Oh, that's (Tayt Godwin) GitHub account that I - (Daniel Wait) why. Okay, here. Let
17:56
(Daniel Wait) me trash. Okay, let me do (Tayt Godwin) use.
18:16
(Daniel Wait) that. (Tayt Godwin) I can give you my email if you
18:40
(Tayt Godwin) want. - (Daniel Wait) Oops. Sorry, I'm making (Daniel Wait) it uh real
18:48
(Daniel Wait) quick. I've got to like initialize the (Tayt Godwin) You're - (Daniel Wait) repo.
18:56
(Tayt Godwin) good. (Tayt Godwin) So for this are we so for
19:04
(Tayt Godwin) the the project management (Tayt Godwin) hackathon I did I I just looked to see if
19:12
(Tayt Godwin) it worked and then I was like okay like the (Tayt Godwin) code and then I was like okay I'm pushing it which probably isn't
19:20
(Tayt Godwin) the best way to do it but that also felt like (Tayt Godwin) what the plan was for this hackathon. Do we want
19:28
(Tayt Godwin) to do it (Daniel Wait) Um, as in like make sure
19:36
(Daniel Wait) things look good before we push. Is that what you're (Tayt Godwin) differently? Yeah, maybe I'll - (Daniel Wait) saying?
19:44
(Tayt Godwin) I'll explain it a little bit better. So, during the (Tayt Godwin) hackathon, I barely reviewed the code and like
19:52
(Tayt Godwin) the agent the agent did everything. I don't know if that's what you (Tayt Godwin) did and maybe I wasn't a good teammate,
20:00
(Tayt Godwin) but uh - (Daniel Wait) Uh don't don't review the (Tayt Godwin) like - (Daniel Wait) code. That's a that that's the suggestion. This
20:08
(Daniel Wait) is this is literally what our person said. He today he said it's been over a (Daniel Wait) year since I've used the debugger. He goes and he
20:16
(Daniel Wait) he spins up, you know, the agent to do phase one and he lets (Daniel Wait) it run. And then part of the process is
20:24
(Daniel Wait) you tell like claude in the claw. file which is like Claude's (Tayt Godwin) What? Mhm. - (Daniel Wait) instruction which gets added to every request the very
20:32
(Tayt Godwin) Mhm. - (Daniel Wait) beginning something that goes okay for every time you add (Daniel Wait) something afterwards you spin up a
20:40
(Daniel Wait) like you spin up an agent to verify based on this criteria (Daniel Wait) and then it links to a verification document that explains how the
20:48
(Daniel Wait) agent should agent should verify and so essentially it runs (Daniel Wait) it that's what we learned today it's like it runs it and like will loop
20:56
(Daniel Wait) through to make sure it (Tayt Godwin) Okay. So, you don't even look at the code that you're
21:04
(Daniel Wait) works. No, he said the only time you write is putting (Tayt Godwin) writing. - (Daniel Wait) in secrets like putting in environment
21:12
(Tayt Godwin) That's - (Daniel Wait) variables. Isn't that (Tayt Godwin) crazy.
21:20
(Tayt Godwin) I I guess I guess that makes sense. Okay, it's - (Daniel Wait) nuts? Okay, I'm ready for email. (Tayt Godwin) T A Y T
21:28
(Tayt Godwin) and G W I (Tayt Godwin) N. - (Daniel Wait) Uh t t a
21:36
(Daniel Wait) yt.gw (Tayt Godwin) Yeah. So, I - (Daniel Wait) iingmail.com. It's not showing up
21:44
(Tayt Godwin) don't try typing in - (Daniel Wait) as (Tayt Godwin) just take - (Daniel Wait) like
21:52
(Tayt Godwin) God with no space. That one. - (Daniel Wait) Yep, I see (Daniel Wait) that. Hey,
22:00
(Tayt Godwin) Yeah. Okay. - (Daniel Wait) send. Even if you like it, the video is (Daniel Wait) an hour and 33 minutes. If you watch the full video, your mind will
22:08
(Daniel Wait) explode. I've kind of gotten you like I I've (Daniel Wait) showed you generally like the whole process, but it is
22:16
(Tayt Godwin) Okay. Okay. Um, I probably - (Daniel Wait) crazy. (Tayt Godwin) won't have enough time to watch - (Daniel Wait) Don't worry
22:24
(Tayt Godwin) it like today, but I'll watch it for - (Daniel Wait) about it. Don't worry about (Tayt Godwin) sure. Okay. - (Daniel Wait) it.
22:32
(Tayt Godwin) Um, man. Yeah, (Tayt Godwin) it's just so crazy. - (Daniel Wait) Okay. Your mind is
22:40
(Tayt Godwin) Okay. I (Tayt Godwin) just uh - (Daniel Wait) blown. Trust is lost. I
22:48
(Tayt Godwin) Huh. I'm just I just - (Daniel Wait) was saying your trust is (Tayt Godwin) feel like I don't know where what is
22:56
(Tayt Godwin) happening with my life. Like I've learned how to write - (Daniel Wait) lost. (Tayt Godwin) code for the last two years. Why am I Why am I
23:04
(Tayt Godwin) here? (Daniel Wait) No, you learned how writing code translates to business
23:12
(Tayt Godwin) So that's - (Daniel Wait) value. But yes, (Tayt Godwin) true. Yeah. But - (Daniel Wait) I know you're specifically doing dev
23:20
(Tayt Godwin) like that's that's over. There's - (Daniel Wait) stuff. (Tayt Godwin) like it's all combined into one thing now.
23:28
(Tayt Godwin) So, it's interesting. (Tayt Godwin) Anyways, I'll I'll let you go, but um I'll
23:36
(Tayt Godwin) review that video and then - (Daniel Wait) Yeah. Oh, let me do a (Tayt Godwin) I'll Oh, yeah, for
23:44
(Daniel Wait) check-in. I forgot to do a check-in with (Daniel Wait) uh
23:52
(Tayt Godwin) sure. (Daniel Wait) Here.
24:00
(Daniel Wait) Wait. Three, two, (Daniel Wait) one. Okay, it looked good. I caught you like blinking
24:08
(Tayt Godwin) What? Oh, that's funny. All right, - (Daniel Wait) once. Okay, (Tayt Godwin) cool. Well, I'll do some research. I'll see you - (Daniel Wait) submitted. See
24:16
(Tayt Godwin) later. - (Daniel Wait) you. Wait, wait, wait. (Daniel Wait) watch the first like 20 minutes of the
24:24
(Daniel Wait) video and that will be your research. That's part of the (Tayt Godwin) Okay, I - (Daniel Wait) process. Essentially, the first hour of the video is like the research and then
24:32
(Daniel Wait) the last is like building plans to implement the research. If if (Tayt Godwin) will. - (Daniel Wait) if you uh want to go that
24:40
(Tayt Godwin) Okay, I will. All right, - (Daniel Wait) route, that's what I would recommend. Okay. See (Tayt Godwin) see you. Bye. - (Daniel Wait) you.