And your notes freak out that they didn't push their changes for the, um, 566 projects every week. Yeah, I have to check like 8 times. Are you in the other class with him? No. You are right? Okay? Uh huh. Is it kind of similar? Not really. I mean, like, the flow or is it? Yeah, totally, like, class structure. Yeah, exactly the same. But you have midterm, right? We do have a midterm. Was it worth a lot? It was. Interesting. Um, Yeah. I like the weekly knowledge checks. Yeah. It was worth similar to what our 566 projects are worth, like, 8% or something. So not too much. Not like a 20 or 30% midterm or something. I'm trying to get Gemini to do some research on the, like, customer sorting, like, by itemized, or by, like, skew level data. I think that's what it's called. Other notes, 13 member, McKay, joined mid-meeting after a game win, giving fresh perspective. Wait, how does it does it differentiate the voice? Well, I'm sure, like, hey, McKay. Oh, I see. How long does this take? Because this one has been taken or the other one took forever. It takes a second. Dude, your deep research is cool. The Gemini? Deep research is clutch. You use it a lot? Um, not as much as I probably should, but we do it a lot for work. I did do research on the on our clients. Do you, um, do you like the Mac? Do you use Windows for work? Uh, I do like the Mac. Are you gonna switch? Um... No. Why not? I just see myself using whatever computer I'm given for work and whatever job I'm at. Yeah, but for your personal computer, this one dies. Yeah, no, I wouldn't, yeah. After this one dies. But I'll keep going with this until I feel like it's... There's so many Windows users that I know that are like, when my Windows computer dies, I'm switching to Macs. Dude, I had the intel, there's so convenient. There was a bunch of problems with the Intel Max, but now? But now the M series Max, like they've made their own chip. is incredible. Like, I've never had a problem with my character. Yeah. That's a lie. The fact that ingrates with your phone, I think, is for me the biggest thing. I could just copy on my phone and then paste on my Mac without having to, like, do everything. Yeah, I think it's... But I really have wiped this laptop. What's one feature you like on the laptop that is on Max? I like my touchscreen. It's nice use it a lot? Good them out. How do you use it? Do you put it over to a tablet? No. I'll just... It's kind of hard to explain. It's just every once in a while I use it. Like, they're like... That kind of thing? Like, I mean, sometimes when I'm like reading, like, I'll scroll with it like this instead of like scrolling with the touchpad. What if we made... What if we made an app that... reminded you to reach, like, like, track your interactions with people? and reminded you to reach out to, like, professional relationships that you haven't reached out to. Like, how would they do that just by... Like her strategy? professor's ideas? Constantly listening. Like the phone, it's the... No, no, no. like, I don't know how to how it would work. I guess you'd probably have to put in. Wait, is that what he's doing? Yeah, that was no, that's not what his business is, but that was his that p pitch. She's like, I want to do. I wanted to do contacts, but like for networking. Like a contacts app book for networking. Whereas, like, little information notes about everyone, they can, like, reference some birthdays. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He said, like, keep track of people. I wanna actually do that. But he tried to make it. He tried, and it didn't work. So it'd be like a super robust contact book essentially within your app. It could send you a reminder each night to say like hey. You ever reached out to Daniel in like three months? You're staying in? I said. So, also, would it have to be like a notification each night saying hey, don't forget to update your interactions today. Like with that. What if we integrated it? journaling apps. I hate journaling apps. I want a journal so bad. I just hate journaling. Yeah, I hate journaling too. I feel like it would just be one of those things that people would the people that are motivated and fill it out. What if we integrated it with your messages and with your your? Yeah, that will work in my calls and stuff. How many notifications I've done nothing with? That could work. Is there something, is there something, there's got to be something like that? I don't know. The more the more I come up with apps. Oh, there's something like... I know. Marketing problem. But also the same time, I feel like I feel like we shouldn't let that discourage us from some of these ideas because a lot of business ideas is going into. Yeah, but we're gonna market better. That's the thing. Right, but that's what I mean. A lot of a lot of new businesses just not. It's doing the same thing, but in a different... Yeah. Would you guys use that? I wouldn't. I might. Like, if something was integrated with my messages, my phone, my Instagram. And was tracking my interactions with people and Like, I'm just thinking, like, I can even go in and prioritize it and say, hey, I want to reach out to these people. The, like, this many times per week or or per month, like I want to. I want to message this person once a month. And I don't know something like that I feel like it'd be really cool. And in addition to that, I was thinking about that too when I was thinking of this app earlier. In addition to that, people could, like, it could go scrape people's LinkedIn profiles, and then you could, like, input a goal, like, I want to become a CTO. Who do I need to, like, maintain these relationships with to help do that? And we use. Some machine learning algorithm to, to say, like, okay, these are probably the 4 people you need to keep in contact with most, and here's your reminders. But, Daniel, you wouldn't use that? Probably not. I would just put in a manual. I put in manual task where I'd just like poke around on LinkedIn because everyone would screen everyone. I want to join them or not. I'm thinking of it more from a personal end. It's not, it's not like a social network. It's only on your phone. It's only for you. So I'm thinking it from a personal end. I have this app that is synced with my contacts, with my messages, with my phone, with my social media. And it creates contacts for these people like like an Apple contacts app does. And it's tracking all my interactions with these individuals. It can keep a summary. It can do all these things. But I see the primary point for me is I often people that I'm really close with, for example, like I have mission friends that were like. I consider some of my best friends ever, but with me being in school and then being married. And working a lot of times it's really hard to keep in touch. And a lot of times I end up going like two or three months without talking to him without even realizing it and then I feel bad cause like. I feel bad, not only cause I want to keep in touch with them, but, like, I want to continue to maintain a relationship with them, cause I still I want to continue to be close with them type thing. So the idea of this app would be. I could go in. To this contact within this app and say, I want to reach out to this person through one of these forums at least once a week. And it would send consistent reminders once a week if I hadn't reached out yet. I would pay for that. I think that would be sick. Like, I think that would be so cool. Like I'm I'm really bad at maintaining relationships, which is so bad, but people from my mission, members on my mission, I don't talk to you anymore. Which I wish I did. I just don't have the time or I don't remember. Also, another problem I find with this, when I do, when I do go through these phases, where people I consider to be, I have some of the closest relationships with them. When I go those two or three months without talking to them, I forget what's what's going on in their lives. Like I forget all the details, but they could also track. The details of the messages or even pull the the transcript from a phone call, something like that. I don't know. I don't know what the function the type would look like, but at least from the idea base and it could provide me a summary of what's going on in their life and consistently update that. Through the contacts I have with them or even if it scrapes like Instagram, I don't know like. Sick idea. Daniel's not sold. Daniel is not sold. in his life. I think it's really cool. I've actually popped about this. Here's here's what I run into. If I, like, you'll text him, you'll leave the text unread so that you can go back to it. But then I'll do it when I have time, but they don't have time. So, we incorporate my my response AI response idea. You just press 10. It's still your words. Isn't that what open claw does already? Like, open closet, scrap, everything, and then just like keep in touch with your closest friends. I think I think we, I don't know. I think there's an interesting scenario where we avoid that. Where we go against the grain and be like, hey, this is for maintaining real relationships with the people you really care about. In an age where there's all this AI, like, don't get me wrong, we're gonna be heavy using AI for this app, but I think. You position this as a whole as the whole point of like, hey, you need like physical, whether this is like. Not physical, but digital like voice to voice interaction through text or calling. I think that's a really good point, actually. I like that. Here's mother, the other thing I've hesitant on, um, what's the number of real relationships you can have? What's funny? Not funny. I just thought of another thing. me. It could also scrape, like, it would it could also identify, like, all the information of, like, there's so much data, like, how we use our phones when we use them, like, you have all these screen time apps that are tracking all these things, like, I don't feel, I don't feel like there's many barriers to being able to track the information when you're using your phone. The app could also be designed to identify your downtimes or like, for example, when you're driving, it could pull up a notification saying, hey, call this person right now. You're you're due to call them this week. You haven't done it yet. During those downtimes where it's like, click of a button, you don't you don't have to go into the phone app. You don't have to search for their contact. You just clip the notification, press call, and then boom. That's a good idea. I don't know. I feel like this is so sick, but talk me off the ledge. Be devil's advocate. Tell me what I don't want to hear. I got you, I got you. So the number of real relationships you can have with people. What are the number of relationships you can have? I think the numbers around 140? I thought it was 250. But there's a number, something like that. Okay. Yeah? Um, let's say 20 of those people you have really strong relationships with, and 20 you don't care. So 100 people. So this would be, like, trying to hit 100 people. On average, you're contacting them how often? Every three months. Every three months. And these are, like, you could make, like, uh, McKay said, you could sort it to be like, this is my family. I need to talk to them every week. These are professional acquaintances that I should keep in contact with, like, once a quarter or something. I just think about, like, my father-in-law, uh, he is your family or acquaintance? No, uh, he, he'll be like, oh, yeah, I went to, I went climbing with this guy from, from college. And I'm like, dude, you're 55. Like, how have you done that? And he's like, oh, well, okay, I went to lunch with this guy, and I did this with this guy, and I felt it would be so much easier to just combine that all. Another idea. You know how often you have to go to Instagram or Facebook or whatever to find someone that you talked to. They don't have their contact information. Like, essentially stalking. Like when you have to stalk someone. I look them up. No, this is a bad idea. This is great, but it's fine. Yeah. No, you gotta punch it out. No, I was just gonna say, like... For entertainment. Then there's so many privacy and security issues with this. But I was gonna say you could. Yeah, no it's a bad idea. Security, safety. I was gonna say, like, it could, it could, you could say, like, give a description of a person, of a person that you talk to, like, hey, this is their, this is their name. This is where I met him. This is what I know about him. Go find their social media. That would be crazy. Okay, to go against what you're just saying. Yeah. What did you just say? So my point is, there's gonna be 100 people that you're trying to, like, do these soft contacts with. And there's every 3 months in 90 days. There's one person a day, you know, maybe someone doesn't answer. So then it doubles up. Are we recording this, by the way? Yeah. We are. Okay, sick. Ecetera, et cetera. Which actually isn't as bad as I originally thought. Well, but that's still, like, it's not like you're just gonna send a message. You're gonna have a conversation back and forth. Or you're gonna have a call. Well, maybe it's, maybe it's 30 people that. Like, maybe 100 is too much for you, which that's a lot of people, but maybe it's 30. If I could keep in contact with 30 people from the mism throughout my whole career, that would be amazing. And I think the whole need that this is addressing is that people don't keep up with the networking that they should or that they want to. Like, it's like what we talked about in HR with Venar, where we read the case where there was the guy that was crazy at networking and it created all these opportunities. Like I need to go find that case because that would be perfect for for this like he was doing that like in a notebook or something. But like if you had an app that could do this all for you and encourages like these real relationships, I don't know. I feel like there's definitely a market for it. So then, our MVP is a spreadsheet. What does the, like, do you, I guess we tested out with the spreadsheet? I mean, not for, like, not in the Hackthon sense, but, like, validating the idea. I think one of the most valuable ideas is the, that it, like, we couldn't do this in the time it takes to do it. It notifies you when you're available? Yeah, I think well, yeah, the availability thing is such a good idea. I didn't think about that, but also just like every time you get contact with this certain person. Or, like, integrating with your messages to just automatically track it or phone calls. We probably couldn't do that over the next. Also, on that same notification, if it gave you like a 2 sentence summary, saying, oh, by the way, last time you talked to them, this and this and this was going on in their life, like call. I'd be so sick. I don't know. What are your thoughts? I'm just gotta get excited. I wondering what is, like, currently out there. Like, I feel like there has to be something. Yeah, let's look it up. One of the main ones is just like, I feel like your professor said he tried to do it, and it didn't work out. He did? I don't remember this. I have all the recordings from classes. Okay, let's go see. I'll look to when I made, 'cause I made, did you make a note? Um about that? Yes. Well, I made an Excel cheap. On the day. No, actually, maybe I didn't. No, I think I did. I'll tell you the day. turn now. I talk. Oh, fuck, sorry. Oh, man.. On the 19th of, or the ninth, January 9th, he did that. First day class. He talked about it? Yep. All right? I'm gonna go fill up my water bottle. Does anyone want their fill up? I didn't have sponge back then. Oh, ate it. But I'm gonna find it. The research, there she is. Beautiful than you. Yeah, I didn't take class transcripts. Hang on. Wait, why want to give me, like, pro width deep research? I need a subscription for that? No, I can do pro with deep research. It's under tools. I know. It's disappearing when I slept pro. Maybe you've already used it? No, I haven't been using this. Maybe he just marketed it to the wrong people. I don't have the transcript, then. We could just call him. That's too late. Why did we update our AI policy? Yes, silly Claude. Um. Give me your interpretation of this policy. So I'll provide a Google workspace license for all solved employees, which provides access to the advanced secure version of Gemma for each license. So employees can use the following juvenile tools for client work and personal productivity. What is Persian product? You're networking with people. You don't have Gemini Pro? Uh uh. Do you not have the student version? It's free for a year. Sign up? Just think I might already used it. Get off her. Talk to me. It's crazy that some of these people have fun, and then say, like, oh, yeah, I'm probably gonna spend 10 hours a week. Who can say a bucks? How many hours are you guys gonna say? 40? Probably 40. That's about how much time I spent on school. Yeah. It's for... We have to take a 3 credit class, but that's it. Yeah, I'm gonna take a, I'm sort of excited with my 1st class. I just want to own real estate. To use the CMA, man. You're getting the max. Cash bonus. I just gotta, I just gotta, not think I'm gonna get laid off. No, the stage already hit. It's the end of the it's Friday of the last day of the month, so... You should know how much you made in your account. What? Like the interest? Oh, it's not that much. That's more than nothing. It keeps on going down, down, down because the interest rate keeps on going down. Yeah, it's kind of sad. I uh... Let's see. Should have got some more CDs in the summer. Do ask me 500? Come join, come join me. You can't sell your CD, but you can sell yourself. Set a reminder for February 25th. to cancel Gemini subscription. You could have just used rocket mortgage, dude. And you could pay it to cancel it for you. I just do that, right? Uh, they did not hit. Like, what stimmy? What are you talking about? Oh, here is from last month. It's not what I wanted. Wait, what are what are you talking about? Like if you go to the last day of the month, it says reinvestment, fidelity, government, money, market, specs, cash. Oh, do you just have like all of your, like all of your savings in that channel? No, but like across different counts. I mean, I've got my investment account, my, Olivia and I, Roth IRA, and the cash management account, which is our checking. And then an HSA. And then the visa signature rewards card. The Fidelity card. Um, yeah, I lost, um, Yeah, you down 30% as well? Today, I lost, no, I'm not. Because 30%... I mean, 0.3%. Oh, I was like, you're down 30%. I'm down .3% today. I was done a lot more earlier. You, oh, are you... So in my in my IRAs, I'm down .4%. But in my personal CRM or relationship management, that automatic automate contact tracking. I never can ask. It just it's automatic. I look at it every day. I've got a little widget. Really? Yeah. You still look at it every day and then my, you know, my stocks dropped. In March, I got really nervous. I was talking to my mother about it. Yeah, I need to stop. Oh, I know what I need to stop. Okay, we need to nail down like what to do over the night. You guys start building the night. This is also game theory. What do you think will prove that we know how to do startup? Yes, fair. B to B's B to B's money. But I don't know, BB. But B to B's where the money is. Yeah, we can do B to C. You're a BDC. Yeah. Maybe B, D, C would go. Yo, they're weird. Hello, folks. Do you have this room? Did you reserve this room? Is this your stuff? No, don't look, don't look. I can't steal this. How's the, how's it going? Have you started building? Yeah, check in. Yeah, I soon check in. I was even checking in with the other one. Check in with the combat. This team just trying to take that room. Yeah, exactly. Where's your where's Spencer? Unless you don't want to. Yeah, no. Is that as an inmero football game? Dude, I told him to go. Or action mirror? action mirror? In a in a room. In a room? Yeah. All right. Okay, find it. kicked out. Thanks, guys. We didn't even want to be in this room anyway. What did, uh, yeah.They should call another idea behind that too is it would track like a summary of that information that you've shared between each other to also. Be caught up on their life. Like, it's easier to forget details about people's life. Are you doing this on mobile or on, it'll be mobile. My initial thought, I love the idea and I love when my app has a very easy, like, you know, some apps when you, like, hold it down, there's like a quick action. Yeah. I prefer when they have like something like that to do like a quick view of something like notifications or this over notifications sent just to my phone. I feel like that's just my initial reactions. I want a minimal notification on my phone. But I like when the app has like a quick view. That's all I add. I like it, though. Oh, yeah. I've had that idea before too, and please make it. You would you use something like this, though? Yeah I would definitely use it. you pay for it? I don't know if I pay for it. Maybe like, I wouldn't pay a subscription. I would pay for to get it, though. I'll pay it one time for sure one time. How much do you think you'd use it? What would you What's like the most? What's the what's the one feature? I am like coming across it on Instagram and I'm like, I'm sold, like, oh, this is exactly what I've been looking for. I would probably pay, like, 3 or $4 on the App Store for it. Three or four. Yeah. Well, what feature would be needed? to make you pay $3 to $4? Yeah. Sorry. Oh, like the ability to, like, see on my contacts and, like, know all the frequency. I want to keep in with people and like keep track. Like, literally just that. Like, I'm already, like, sore. Yeah. Yeah. What about a proactive notification? Hey, you haven't checked in with Robert in a while. You said you'd do a weekly. That be cool. Do you call him now as you're driving? Okay, I don't know. So track location? Yeah, that's what you're saying? Yeah, it knows our driving, but it's like, do you think I know like you're exhaving? What if we did like a, what if we did like a base version that's free? And then you pay a subscription for a little bit more. That's what I was thinking. Those apps, I always just, I usually delete them once they make me do that. Right, me too. I know, I feel that too. It's so hard to market platforms just in general like I'm having. I'm creating an app right now too, like probably to go on the App Store, but like I feel like the only way I'm gonna make any revenue is like ads. You know. And I would hate. Sam Altman. What addition? What additional feature or what kind of feature would an app like that have to have in order for you to pay a subscription? Even if it was like $2 a month? Oh gosh, I don't I don't know. What if it, like, wrote out messages to send, to, like, hey, send this to Phil? I don't think I would want something to make a message for me. Like, it doesn't send, it just kind of suggests. Yeah, and more, I think I would just like the nudge. I wouldn't like the here's a message you could send. you know. Like I want to make that message myself. Personally. What about you? I'm trying to think, I think I'm all about like. If the activation energy goes down to do this, cause I'm thinking another app that I have to go into. You know, like the activation energy, you go, okay, I have to get on my app or click a notification and view this, click it. It's like I might as well have just thought of that person. So whatever can lower the activation energy of that process is what I'm, I don't know what though. Again, I was thinking when you like click on it, you like add a widget so there's just a button you just click. That like, I usually use widgets if they do have it. If you added like a widget that requires a subscription, that's what, that's what like lowers my activation energy a little bit. It's like, okay, you have a widget now that Lamix is so, there's a dashboard on the top of my phone. I open it. I don't know. Would you would you want it to be like, you think, oh, I've got some time. Who's the next person to contact? And the widget shows 3 people to contact or do you want it to notify you? Hey, you have time to contact this person. Which one would you like? I think it's more like, um, like you said, like, I plan on checking in once a week with this person and I haven't this week, like, check in, like, kind of a thing. And you can have like little badges on like the contact being like or showing like last contact in on this date and like, or how much time has passed since the last time on there and it being like green, yellow or red. I thought of something as well. The cool node you know how like we learned in. If it could track and give you a map of your nodes, that would be so sick. You know your name works, Instagram. Would it be your 2nd order effect? You're not technically, like, the the boundaries, the, I don't know how you, you have to make a 3D. I also wonder like what privacy and security laws we're running into. Well, there's LinkedIn. You can't legally. Currently finding those right now. Apple does not let you view their messages. Like anything, but that is true. They don't let you be your call their calls. The only way around it is like a desktop app. So you have to have one. You have to have, like, a max. Make your own WhatsApp. Kind of, well, does WhatsApp let you use them? What if, because there's a lot of users on it? Like, what if we, actually, no, don't make problems. Is there a way we can build something out completely, never sell it, and just try and sell it directly to Apple? I am dead serious. They, they, they do, but Apple, I don't think, would buy because they're a privacy company. Because they're what? They're privacy. They wouldn't, you know, they wouldn't script, like they wouldn't put any unless, but it's your data. Yeah, like it's it's your data, it would be... It would have to be trained on an A model that's on your device. What's that? Basically, are you? Yeah. Basically area. Yeah. So I think that's what you do is that like... I hear you. We're competing... I, like, you, like, there's a place for their phone number or, like, a little text message icon, push on that, then it can track it. They'll track interaction, but it won't actually... And then you, like, but in the beginning of the day, you have to, like, make sure you know what you're going to do that day and put in who you're going to contact. Yeah, I thought it's the only way if you're gonna get like text message interactions. And then you have to put in your KPIs and make sure that your leaders get them synced. It's, like, a qualified contacts app where, like, you call from there and it just calls normally, but it keeps talking about interaction. So, you guys ready for our 2nd idea? Yeah. Ooh, yes. Okay, let's pitch 2nd idea. You do that. Are you 2 do it? What is there, second? It's a B to C or B and B? Uh, B2, C, CB, BC. Okay. B to big dog. Um, it'd be nice if we were playing. Do you guys budget? Do you guys have a budget? Do you budget at all? Yeah. How do you budget? I actually do paper or not. Is it Y now? Is it monos? Uh, copilot. Co-pilot. I saw some of those. I love it. paid 95 a year for it. Yeah. Why does it do? What's your biggest pain point? And it's what our app's addressing. What's the biggest pain point of copilot? This is good. gosh. I mean, you log into the app? And you're like, ah. Like, I'm excited. I even know. Yeah, I would say, like, their goals suck. Like, they, I don't know, goals feature, but it's not very good. So, like, I would love to be able to, like, view my savings goals better than the way they show them. But, like, I really do like this app guys. Like, I would not pay that much if I didn't. Have you ever tried wine app? So what is it called? Why not? YNAB? No, oh, I have heard of that. What do you love about it? What does it do that you want? I can see how much I'm budging for this month and like a graph showing like where I am like over under, like on track. I can categorize all my transactions. How do you do that? How do you do that? I can show you. Do you have to do it manually, though? No, they have an AI that will do it for you, and you can also create rules to do it for you. So, hope you guys don't care about this kind of finances. Oh, I. If you don't care, we don't. Yeah. So, like, we budget 4000 this month and we're over. But that's okay. It's all right. So the end of the month. Do you have any transaction? You're almost there. Yeah, so you have like all your transactions here. And like the label, they label them all, and you also have like, um... But you can't see recurring ones. Can't see what? You can't see like the specific items that you get. No, you can't unless, um, and they have an integration for Amazon that does that now. But you can't do it with, like, like normal shopping. How do you do the Amazon integration? Like, does it automatically come in or do you just press it by the right here, you, like, like, add to it? I guess we haven't done it yet, but you can do it. Cool. This isn't, this isn't, how are they not getting sued by Microsoft right now? This isn't Microsoft is it? No, oh. Um, I did, so this is, this is not co-pilot, co-pilot? No, this isn't. Oh, sorry, I thought you guys knew. This is its own app. It is not Microsoft. Yeah, no, I know. I'm saying. Yeah. So they have the same name, but I think these guys might have existed even before, like... Like, I think that's all I guess. They probably are technically Microsoft co-pilot, and then it's probably COVID. Oh, yeah. That's probably it. Does it ever bother you whenever you get a transaction for Walmart so you don't know if it's under like household or groceries or food? I feel like the only that's the same thing. We just consider Walmart groceries and so I put it in my groceries. But what if you buy like oil? Oil? Like, for your car. Like, you'd be like, car oil? Sorry. Sorry, Carl. I kind of, I kind of do just accept the fact that, like, it is that, it's not gonna be perfect, and it's also groceries. Like, that's kind of just how I am. Okay. I feel like the only pain point that we're solving for is that it's like differentiated groceries. That's what we're that's what we're all for. I care more about like, I'm if I'm like under, over for the month, mostly. You know, rather than like, are all my transactions categorized correctly? I guess. Even though, like, that does matter, too. Do you feel? It doesn't have to be like 100% accurate for me. Do you feel like with your grocery shopping specifically, you're like a little bit blinded to how you're spending money when you go to the grocery store and you feel like you wish you could spend better in that area or not really like you're able to handle it pretty well because of this. Um, It's interesting to think, like, Budgeting does help, but, like, it's not the end all beyond that really, like, shapes all your decisions. Like, I feel like I'm hearing apps more and more that's like teaching people how to spend better or like build better habits while spending or like with their finances rather than just budgeting. So alliance, I have them based off the church as well. Yeah, I've seen no, I've seen that. Like, those things are like coming out right now. Yeah, I'm sure there's tons of them right now. Would you, um, would you be interested? So you wouldn't really be interested in splitting up the Walmart or Amazon or whatever, like getting a line item? Be able to... No, I personally, I don't feel like I would need that. Maybe it's just because I'm so used to it too, just how it is. It doesn't bother me. Because my budget app has it, like, it's per category for a month. Uh-huh. So, like, you have to figure out where which category goes where. And it's like, oh, it's a Sam's Club, but if we go to eat, what if we buy it? Yeah. Interesting. Good feedback. What about you? Sorry, I wasn't with that one. I sorry. I didn't hear that. Do you budget? budget? Do I budget? No, right now. Okay, no. I don't use the software. Anything holding you back from it? Living at home. I can get the name. I'm not budgeting for rent right now, so... I don't know. Actually, here's my pain point. I can't forecast in, um, copilot. See, you can in wine app. Really? Yeah, it's all forward looking. That's the big thing. It never looks back. All right. Yeah, that's the thing I wish I could do. I literally have an Excel sheet just for like projecting. Really? Yeah, that's true. Oh, it's awesome. That's what I use. I don't have an app that does it. Why NAV? It's called YNAP stands for you need a budget. It's a free 1st year for students. You are their biggest advocate. They shouldn't sponsor you. Yeah, you should. I've heard you talking about it. I'm like, five times. Today. I'm separate. Five separate occasions. I think like every, I would say like every 4th conversation with Daniel. The main problem with that app is what I what I realized tonight is stupid. It comes in as a transaction of whatever. Yeah, that one. Oh, that's funny. So yeah, it's it's free for the first 30 days and then you can sign up with your students free for a year. But you connect all your accounts so all the transactions come in automatically, then it tries to organize them and you approve all of them. But you can change the category. Clay, as much things. it's growing. Yeah, it looks forward. So you butt you basically it's a bunch of envelopes and you put money into, so you put money into this. You assign all your money and then you sign it for next month and you sign it for next month. And then you can see if you're on track for goals. True, and stay out of it. What if we can scrape all that? That's kind of cool. We get all that information. It's $109 a year. Oh my gosh, you go in Europe? Yes. Hey, where's your where's your bag? They do. You always have your bag. I know. I left... Really? I thought so weirdly, but I was like, I know Sam, we gotta go. WhatsApp has more than $3000000000 monthly active users globally. Yeah. Like, every single... Every single person outside the US uses... Yeah, everyone, especially if they don't finish their messages. They text over one sec. Oh, that's all... Yeah, that's like, that's... Pride line America. and your... Well, I knew Latin America, but... in London, it's because there's so many immigrants that in America... area code, so they all have to use WhatsApp. Otherwise, there's like extra charges for whatever else. Like, everybody, and they speak with their, like, their, like, their literal country code, like, on +4, 4, because UK. Plus 44 is UK, right? US. Uh-huh. Plus one US, they like include that when they tell you their number because everyone uses one. Interesting. So it's like, it's pretty standard. I was pretty good with country code stuff because of Michigan. Like, that's India. That's correct. What's number two? The average 1 billion users in 2016 and has tripled since then. During the... I don't even like WhatsApp or something, but yeah. Yeah, what type sucks? During the World Cup, I remember on mission seeing a stat that's like during the World Cup as Argentina one? Yeah, as they won, it hit like X X billion a second. server limits? That's crazy. What are your top provider, but, yeah, it's got to be a nibulous. Poor AWS, bro. Okay. They suffering from success. They have too much money. They're like, stop, you don't want anymore. Well, we appreciate it.Yeah, so just doing a little bit more research. WhatsApp says. It's it's a little bit more expensive to agree with that. Does that hurt the, your thoughts at all? That, like, do you would you pay for the app? It was people that use WhatsApp would pay for that. But the people that use WhatsApp wanting to keep connections. That what I was thinking. But they keep in touch with so many people. Like, but they already keep in touch with somebody. Right, but I think they wanted... I think they wanna know what. Like I really, I think there would be a market for him. My only, like, the only interactions I've had with WhatsApp is when I message people in Latin America. Yeah, we're registered. I love... Where did you serve a mission? California. Baltimore. Okay. I served in Ecuador and Spanish. Um, I guess what do you want to know about WhatsApp? Like, what is the barriers for you when you think about WhatsApp? I just, I just feel like... Like Daniel said, I feel like the people who use WhatsApp are not like. Especially the people on my mission that I met. They're not like, oh, I'm gonna come down for people. But they want to keep in touch with, like, everyone. That's, that's fair. Like this? Oh, my gosh. Like, the culture of messaging there is just so different. Like, people just... When and when they, but I don't I don't think they're as good as they want to be. Like, I think if they had something like this that would track all their conversation and all their messages, they would eat it up. Like I really do. Honestly, I'm, I don't understand the culture. It's, yeah, even though I lived with him for 2 years, I still didn't understand. Baltimore? Yeah. I had Central America. There wasn't anyone from South America. They were too much. I can do a check in with Hudson. Go, right over there. And we need you out the leaderboards. Dude, I'm at 37 right now. My? I made top four. This can be a little bit harder to, like, meet people in person. that actually use WhatsApp. However, usage is surging, but fragmented in the US. I think... I really think they would need this up. Well, what I could call someone and ask... if we just make Spanish? What if we just make our MVP? And... for now, we just don't assume whether we're engrating with WhatsApp or iMessage or... Then what would the MVP be? A CRM? The actual app, like the Gooby. Um... I'm not excited about this idea, but keep on convincing me. Well, why are you not excited about it? I just don't think people would use it. Like, people are inherently lazy. So it would have to be super. I don't think I don't think our target market is inherently lazy people. Your point. I think our target market is people, like, Dylan Maytern, who are gonna rule the world and need to keep track of everyone knows. But, like, they all have it in their head. It's hard to get. I don't know. I am so bad at keeping contact with people. This is, like, a slight example of how people message on WhatsApp. They message, like, 20 billion times. They always include a GIF, a GIF, whatever you want to call it. And then they just like keep messaging. And then they said like voice messages after that and more gifts. And then they just... Like, I don't even know. like, yeah, you know. You got all these... Like, let me show you this mission group, yeah. But I, like, look at this. Look at this madness. Like, they just, they message so differently than we do. like what is this? It's the prophet. Like, it's just so... It's, like, too profitable. Happy holidays, meatball. It's so bizarre, but like they're so much better at like, wanting to keep connected. They have a greater desire. Like, the reason I feel like this would work is they have a greater desire than our culture does to keep in contact with others. They genuinely do. They're way more responsive. Like, they they genuinely are like, I have to leave people on. Oh, it's so annoying when they text back so fast. Like, I have to leave them on red or the conversation will never end. They'll just keep on messaging. So, but would they pay for this? Because they're already messaging with someone. That's the thing. I don't know if they would pay for it. But they would totally use it. If they had a thing, if they had an app that just popped up and then and said to them, you have not messaged Maria Jose Conseco, the second. You have not messaged her, and you refill me, like, oh, my God, I need a messenger right now. Like, that is it. We found our salesman. That's actually how they would respond. They would instantly go into the app, they'd be like, Maria. Here's my pushback. I just called it. Status is. The status is daily pop up saying these 8 people have different statuses. You go through just, like, Snapchat stories, you look at all the different statuses, and then they'll just be reminded of everyone every day. to reach out to. Yeah, but they have so many to look through. Yeah, but they've already got 300 people that they've seen the status of that day. And so there's some people that they want to reach out. It's like, do they want to reach out to someone that's not this 300? Turns out that professionals do, in fact, use WhatsApp, and Brazil, and Italy, and other places like Europe. 100%. Every single... South America uses what... So I and I think you build this enough to where you trend, so what's up? Who owns WhatsApp? Meta? Meta? Of course I do. When did they...? They did. After Instagram. 2017, I think. Bunch of lobsters. We sell the Facebook. Um, wait, sorry, let's keep talking through your hesitations. Yeah, the status reminder of people. Wait, you're, you don't like the reminder? Because there's so many. No, there's tons, like, there's Snapchat stories on Facebook on what's out, where people just don't care. And no, no, no. So you'll go through them and you'll be reminded of people that you can contact. Isn't that essentially what the same BAP is doing? It's not reminding you when you want it. Well, those aren't people that, Oh, those aren't people that you know haven't been contacted for a month. Those are just random people. Those are people your closest with. But what about Earth and we'll probably show you the people you're close at. At the same time, though, like when you're going through Instagram stories, even when you see, like, an Instagram story from someone you're super close with, you're not really thinking about, like,Fair enough. I can get behind that. Well, you're not excited about that. Mm. Just 'cause I don't run into the problem. I'm excited about ideas that I run. That fair. Yeah, I totally get that. You don't have a problem keeping any contact with people? I only reach out to people I want to contact. But like, think about people from your mission. Yeah. Do you know McKay? Have you checked in with McKay? Blackburn? Oh. Oh, the other McCain? I was like, Mickey's right. Anyway, he's from a mission. I didn't see him for 2 months or 2 years and then I was like, oh, McKay, hey, let's do a check in. I, I didn't, I, like, that's funny. on good terms, but I feel like I didn't need to reach out to him for 2 weeks, 2 years, you know? But like, if you keep doing that, Eventually, when Kay's gonna be like... Speech. Or... I don't know. Yeah. I don't know. I thought so. What does Chad think about it? Hold on. Uh.... Email parsing for digital receipts. Okay, so, the market is relatively small, and there's some bigger players, but none of them are on the thumb. They're all on a desktop. We're talking in general. Yeah, who's Jacob Lee? Or not talking WhatsApp. You're talking like, yeah, in general, in general. Yo, someone just got their 1st pre-sale. I don't know what that means. So, Daniel, you don't want to do this idea. I'm fine with exploring it more. But if we just explore it in this hackathon, and then we get our MVP, take it to a few people, they use WhatsApp. Let me can I call my brother? Yeah. My older brother went through IS right now or not right now. He graduated as a mizum. He's current currently he works for Salt. He works for startup right now. He is like probably the most entrepreneurship minded person I know. Go for it. And is currently like doing his own start up on the side. Nice. He also served in Peru and used WhatsApp so I feel like he could provide more insight. Go for it. Yeah. Got you. What domain is he in? Um, start up. Like, his? Both. Or, like, where he works? He works for deploy surveillance. It's like a company that does, um... I swear if he's sleeping. Hey, Spencer, I missed your call. There's no way. Took some. Um.. Oh, it says technical applicants. You must demo the functionality you built, non technical applicants pitch the startup. See I'm a non-technical applicant. Oh, they're other friends. Or am I attacking a clap? Yeah, but I want to be technical. I wanna do both. I'm a product builder. Um, So he works for deploy surveillance and they do, have you seen those things that like car dealerships or construction sites where it's like the security trailer and it like goes way up into there, has the cameras, the lights. That's what they do. Hey, what's up? How's it going? Good, how are you doing? Good. Good.? No, it's cool. Are you are you pretty busy right now? Are you at the bums? Yeah, we're hanging out with thumbs, but what's up? Um... This might be a little longer of a conversation. So if you, if a different time would be better then. That's cool. Okay. Um, we are actually in the middle of a game, so they pause from each side, feel bad. Yeah. Are you going to be there all night? How long are you gonna be there? We're probably leaving here around 11. Probably right at 11. Okay. We'll get home 11 for 10-ish, but I can talk too. Like, they can wait if it's important. What's up? Okay, yeah, so right now, um, I'm doing the sandbox sackathon. Oh, let's go. No way. Yeah, so... Yeah, it's kind of I've been convinced over the last couple weeks, so... I'm actually stoked for you, that's sweet, okay? Yeah, so, um, anyways, I'm I'm meeting with my group right now and we're brainstorming ideas. We thought we had something we'd pay everything like three or four. We talked about like 34 different ideas. Okay. Essentially, we're we're exploring this one idea, and I want like your honest feedback, like identify what the gaps are here. Okay. But one thing that we thought about was essentially a personal CRM so it would scrape all the information from your phone, from your messages, from social media. And would create an app that's essentially like a contacts app, but then it also allows you to prioritize the contacts and. Identify a cadence of which you would want to keep in touch with people just to help you to continue to keep in touch with those that you have a a close relationship with and also network with those that you want to keep a network with. The problem with this, um, the problems that we've run into are Apple has significant privacy, um, restrictions, specifically we wouldn't be able to pull any of that information of like what's actually talked about on the phone calls. And then also what any specific messages are. Yeah. Um, but one area we might be able to penetrate would be integrating this with WhatsApp. Yeah, what's that? What's that would probably work? I know WhatsApp is encrypted. Like, it's an encrypted chat. So I don't know what that would mean, but most chats, like, are not, most chats are not encrypted at risk, WhatsApp is. So, but you guys would probably know better if you looked at it, whether or not you can pull those. And also wonder if Apple, like, if you allowed Apple access to your stuff, if there was a way, like, if you consented, Yeah. Could there be a way around it? Maybe, like, of course, they have tons of privacy disease, but if you're telling Apple, This is what we're doing. Right. Maybe there's a way around that. I don't know. Someone in my, someone in my group is nodding their head. What do you got? Okay, so, so, um, there is a way. I told you, but you just have the name. And it doesn't cost anything, but WhatsApp, charges .035 cents. Or 0.035 dollars. So, 3 cents. Uh, every message that you, you get. Okay. And so we want to read their messages, which is the only reason we wouldn't be using apples, like integrating with Apple. If they were to send 10 messages per month with 100 active contacts, that's a 1000 messages. $35 just in those costs. Just to get that done. There's no way. So that's not even feasible. Dang it. But, yeah, that's crazy. But that bullet. Yeah, so I guess the Apple, the workaround, is they give you. You can get like the name and you can get that free so you would still be able to do like the check in cadence. Um, with those people. I guess one of the things behind the idea was it providing like a summary of your recent text with them like that sort of thing wouldn't be possible it seems like. Okay. So, I mean, I love the idea. I think it's awesome, especially if you put a lot of information in there, like, you got people's birthdays that you want to reach out for, and I think it's awesome. I think it's a great tool for like keeping people connected, but yeah, the feasibility is hard. You could also look at social media for that potentially. A lot of people are chatting back and forth on those. I don't, I have no idea what that would look like getting access, but I'm assuming you could, you could do, like, a, on your app, you could log into Instagram the same way, like, did Angel, you log into Netflix, you know, give it access that way. I'm not sure there, but... Right. You could look social media for that. You know? Um... Oh, seriously, nothing was gonna say about this. As a mouse, but I lost it. Do you have any burning, burning startup ideas? Actually, I do have one. Um, I have been thinking about this so much. So if you want it, you can take it. Um, I want us to the biggest issues that I'm seeing at my company and at other companies that I think they're struggling with. is how to use AI securely because either you have no policy and people are thrilling all of your company data into different tools, or you have a strict AI policy, and no one's really using AI to anything useful, so you can't see company data in there. A workaround is a locally hosted model. So if you like, if you can do this on your computer today, you can download a model from hugging face, running locally. And it's completely private because it only lives on your machine. But I don't know if this is a sandbox. It's not technically app. But if you guys can figure out a packaged way on each cloud service, to set up a local model that would easily integrate with a company's stack. There are companies that I think would pay good money for, like, a turnkey solution on that. So, for example, if someone's on AWS, and they are trying to figure out AI, they want us to need a ton of company data, sensitive, sort of data, financial, legal, whatever. And you set up a downloaded model on an, like an EC2 instance or whatever AWS is setup is for that. It could be literally whatever they want into there because they own the bottle. They have to worry about privacy or security or anything. And if you can come today and then and say, hey, we have this entire setup, turn, can you ready to go? We'll implement it your business, you can use it day one. And you have a completely private model to feed all your financials into and get insights. Could be cool. Yeah. Don't know if that's where I want to go, but that's an idea of that. Maybe there's someone doing it. I have no idea. I don't look to drink too much. Yeah, no, that's a great idea. Sweet. Well, I'll, sorry, go ahead. Now you're good. I just kind of see, are there any other ideas that you wanted to run by? Run by me? Do you guys have anything? Just the financial one. Yeah, yeah, go pitch, pitch that one real quick. Super fast. The other idea was, like, right now, a bunch of credit card data comes in as like, oh, $300 at Walmart, and it's not broken up by, like, item. Yeah. And so getting that itemized data would be good for both consumers that want to budget, like, by line item, and the other one would be for, like, turning in receipts. You wouldn't have to turn in receipts anymore to your company. Yeah. So the idea would be, if I go to Walmart, do I have to scan my receipt afterwards? Is that how that would work? Uh, no, so that's the workaround. It would, you would either like digitally get the receipt in your email and it would automatically pull it from your email, or we work directly with Walmart to just make an API, um, to, to, to feed it to either the business or... To like to Walmart? Okay. Yeah. So your options would be, you work with the credit card company, or you work with, like, Walmart, Costco, whatever. Yeah, work with the point of sale system. Yeah. That would be awesome. If you guys could figure out how to make that work, I think that's a really, really... I mean, there are some there are some hurdles to making that work. Yeah, I do. Like, you gotta get access to whatever their API looks like. You're like, kind of have to have them in there. But, like, I would pay for that. What's that be awesome? Why would you pay for it? Well, we, this is actually, you hit on a personal paint. My, our budgeting, like, we have a baby, and we go to Costco and Walmart, and we have these big old, we just put it all into groceries. I have no idea what we're actually spending our money on. Like, I do guess. But I don't know what goes into diapers and baby clothes versus milk and eggs. And I really like to know. So I can, right now, there's a lot of solutions that'll let you scan your receipt, but that's, you know, that's pretty annoying. Only the people that are really diligent are gonna do that, so... Yeah. If you could solve that problem, where I literally just go swipe my card, and then it's easy right to my budgeting app. I would pay for that. That'd be pretty sweet. Sweet. Dope. Thank you. I like it. It's a tough hurdle, but if you could figure it out, that'd be incredible. So, hey, so... Thanks, Good luck. Let me know if you have any others. Yeah, thanks, Spence. That was extremely helpful. Yeah, you got it. Good luck. All right. Love you. Love you. Bye. Bye. How old is your niece, nephew? Um, she is... one. 5 . . Her's niece? 1st nippy? I have a brother just older than him that has 3 kids. There you go. So, um, that was good feedback. He's he's a really good one to ask. He'll tell you what's up? Yeah, he just is always thinking about this stuff too. And, um, after he said that to what I'm realizing is we're not the target market for the solution. For which, like, I was kind of thinking about that too. He is the target market and big families are the target market. Like, 0 yeah, the mom that goes to Costco. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The mom that goes to Costco, they are they're the target market for this. Call students are not the target for market. Like, we, we're hor, like, we're probably horrible at grocery spending and there would definitely be some adopters. But like Our numbers are small. But like my family, there's I have 5 siblings. There's 6 of us. And when we were all in the house, like the amount, like that grocery bill was massive. And if you could tell my dad, like. Hey, if you pay for this 10, you pay $10 a month for this, we'll show you exactly how you're spending, um, your money when you go to the grocery store, he would totally pay for it. I think all of us are excited about this idea. I love the CRM idea. Yeah, I'm so excited, but this is probably the better round. I think this is probably the better one because we're all excited about it, so. Right? Or, do we all, I can, I can get on board? No, I can, I can, can on board this one. So he brings up some good points with like the API and stuff. It would be way easier to get access to someone's email, right? Like get a connector to an email. So is our is that the MVP of it just like, hey, it scrapes your email for the receipt emails that you get from Walmart and then looks at all those purchases and then sifts it and then inputs the data? Is that? Is that the start? I think so. What do you think, Daniel? Um, I'm thinking right now, our service is very much like in its sins in API. of what the transaction is. Like, It would send it to YNAP. They would send it to copilot. It would send it to something. Oh, so we don't wait, this is B to B? Well, it's like... We can build a whole wine lab. Or we could, we could build, as a proof of concept to show, a basic budgeting app. where we have an initial Costco expense and then it's itemized. But I'm thinking, like, long term, if we don't end up building an app. Like, what we really want to get down, what's gonna differentiate us, is the back end. of this extraction and pulling itemizing in. Then the filtering is like what everyone else does. So we can either filter in our own app, we can give it to another app. We can send it to a business, but, like, that's gonna be the core, um, value. That's gonna be the core, like, what we do or bread and butter. Yeah. You guys already knew that, but that's, I just wanted to walk through that LA. What do you think? Yeah. Yeah. Which, I mean, obviously there's a reason no one's done it before. I don't... Google likes you getting access to people's emails. I think Google likes having access, Siri, also. It doesn't let you have anyone else like that. Is that what it's saying? No, I haven't asked, but that's what I would assume. It's best. I would assume I would assume it could get pulled because, you know, like, I give a Google gives my Apple Mail access to all my Gmail. I connect at, at, at solved, we connect. We use there's a connector in Clawed to your Gmail and you can have it. Oh, really? Read emails and send emails and. Perfect. Cool. So... Oh, yeah, you just owe off into it. Yeah, because I can scrape, like, for our other thing, we scrape, we were planning on scraping Google Calendar, and you can do that super easy. You just, like, log in. I'll use this for a work function. All right, well, should we... Should I upload this transcript and... Yeah. You should upload it, ask AI to get all the information about this app that we've been talking about and put it in a different file so we know that that's the file. Does that make sense? Yeah, I'll do I'll put the full transcript and meeting notes and then pull out the information stuff and do it into research. And then I'll say, you can, like, easily reference one research. Um, that being said, I would really be curious on, uh, if you guys, or we can come up with, like, a spreadsheet. to do this idea just to see, like, if you'd use it? You could easily ask, have it like, um, I'm sure an automation, just like a super basic web app on your computer to remind you to text someone or something. Sure that can be done. Wait. This is this is separately. This is for like the next month to think about. This the CRM? Oh, just to validate the idea. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Just to see if it was useful. Okay, so apparently this connector isn't working. I swear this is possible. Same with... I'll look into it. Okay, remind me. Hit me.